[Music]
There was a time when if you heard the
word YouTube, you would immediately
think Casey Neistat. Casey Neistat.
Casey Neistat. Casey Neistat. Casey
Neistat. You know who Casey Neistat is,
right? My name is Casey Neistat. Casey
Neistat forever changed the platform,
setting a new bar for what it means to
make a YouTube video. You're about to
say something important. You want to
zoom in to really get the audience
engaged. Vlogging used to be something
mundane, focused on the lives of the
subject with almost no focus on the
cinematography, the aesthetics of the
video itself. Then daily vlogging became
a thing. Vloggers typically using simple
point-and-oot cameras, speaking to their
audience through the lens, and giving
them a glimpse into their daily lives.
Sometimes that life needing a bit or
quite a bit of fabrication. But when
Casey Neistat began his vlog in 2015, it
completely changed YouTube as a
platform. Casey comes from a background
in film making, specifically in
producing high-budget commercials for J
Crew, Nike, Mercedes-Benz, and even
making more journalistic productions for
the New York Times. So when he began his
daily vlog, he brought his expertise in
film making and storytelling to a medium
that had yet to see such a venture. I'm
34 years old and I've never had so much
going on in my life. I got married like
a year ago. Uh had a kid 3 months
ago. My other kid Owen, he's driving
now. Um I've been traveling a lot with
and without the family. Uh, yes. I'm
starting a proper daily vlog. I'm
psyched. So, this is the first vlog
entry. Soon skyrocketing to a level of
notoriety on the platform, undeniably
becoming the king of vlogs. So, it's
kind of a bummer. No one no one showed
up to the meetup. Uh
but then he stopped moving to Los
Angeles to never be heard from again
except when he felt the need to give
some brain dead political
take. Look at this guy. Look at the guy
in red. Check the hair. That's me in
Israel. I think in Jerusalem in
2005. Um, if you're Jewish, you get to
go on this free trip called Birthright
Israel. It's fun. It's like, uh, it's
like summer camp. You go to Israel with
a bunch of people your age, and you get
to do cool stuff and learn. It's like a
field trip. It's great. Casey Neistat
has since moved back to New York City
and has begun posting to YouTube again,
this time much more infrequently.
And while I've been a fan of his return,
watching nearly all of his uploads, even
the more cringe ones, he did something
recently that has completely shifted the
way I see Casey Neistat, as well as past
actions throughout his career that are
now seen through a less than favorable
lens to the point that I can no longer
support him by any means of the word.
Today's broadcast is brought to you by
viewers like you. Become a member today
and unlock exclusive content at
patreon.com/northstarradio. This is me
in 2014, the year I discovered Casey
Neistat, one year before he began his
daily vlog. I have a not so unique
connection to Casey Neistat that makes
me feel as though I have the authority
to make such a video.
I was obsessed with Casey
[Music]
Neistat. The year I discovered Casey, I
had already been making videos on
YouTube, but quickly shifted my style
entirely, blatantly copying the Neistat
style like everyone else.
And I say Neistat and not Casey Neistat
because Casey's first big break was not
by himself, but rather with his big
brother Van Neistat, who worked on an
HBO show with Casey that unfortunately
didn't get picked up for a second
season. Van Neistat is a small piece of
this greater Neistat puzzle. So remember
his name. Casey Neistat frequently
brings up his coming to fame story, how
he grew up in New England, was a
teenager at the time of his son's birth.
After 3 months there, my girlfriend got
pregnant. So, we moved back to
Connecticut and I dropped out of high
school all the way to his move to New
York City where he was basically
homeless for a few weeks. I moved to New
York City in on June 4th, 2001.
Literally exactly on June 4th of 2001
when I moved here, I had a 3mon sublet.
So, I had a place to stay for 3 months.
After those three months, I moved into a
friend's couch that was in the financial
district that was literally a half a
block from the Twin Towers until maxing
out multiple credit cards to purchase an
iMac where he eventually made a few
bucks off his first video project. This
was the first ever computer ever that I
ever edited video on. Ever. The year was
2000. Y2K had just passed. The dot
bubble had burst. The Concord crashed in
France. Vladimir Putin had just been
voted in. and Bill Clinton was about to
leave office. That was the year I got
this thing. This is an iMac DV. And this
was the first machine to ship with
iMovie on it. iMovie version 1.0. At the
time, I was washing dishes for a living.
But when I first played this thing, I
was like, I have to have it. And I maxed
out my credit card and got one. Ah, the
classic good old American pick yourself
up by your bootstrap story. Don't you
just love capitalism? Except it seems
like now that Casey Neistad has finally
achieved fame and financial stability,
he no longer looks fondly on those
simply trying to get by in this crazy
fend for yourself by any means necessary
latestage capitalist system. Moving to
Los Angeles in 2019 and not long after
experiencing capitalism up close and
personal, tweeting this after several of
his cars were broken into. So our cars
got robbed this morning because Los
Angeles is a crime riddled third world
of a city. but tremendous appreciation
and gratitude to the hardworking
officers at the LAPD who not only
arrested the [__] but they got
all of our stolen goods back. Now,
there's a lot to break down here, but
can we first give props to Seth Rogan
for ripping this loud New Yorker a new
one? Dude, I've lived here for over 20
years. You're nuts. It's lovely here.
Don't leave anything valuable in it.
It's called living in a big city. coming
from a guy who donated to bail out
protesters from right here in
Minneapolis because of the George Floyd
protests and more recently has
criticized the idea of a Jewish
ethnostate in the Middle East and has
reflected on his education on Israel
growing up saying that they forgot to
include the facts. All right, Seth
Rogan, this NSR branded spliff is
getting lit up in your honor. Okay, I'm
getting sidetracked. This tweet from
Casey Neistat got quite a bit of
attention. probably in part due to the
fact that he wrote it not long after
Donald Trump called Haiti and several
African countries [__] hole countries.
This person saying, "Can't imagine
having millions to my name and getting
worked up enough about petty theft to
call LA a [__] hole and thank the police
in the same breath." And this is where
the police come into play.
Casey Neistat is a New Yorker through
and through. And something every New
Yorker is confronted with on a daily
basis is the fact that they live in a
police state. A police state run by the
stinkiest gang in all of America,
followed closely behind by the LA
Sheriff's Department, the NYPD. We're
taking existing technology, uh, uh,
cameras, uh, being able to communicate
with people, and we're placing it on
wheels. Behold, the NYPD's newest crimes
stopper, K5 Autonomous.
The NYPD is an incredibly infamous
police department for both their vast
history of excessive force over petty
crimes. New developments tonight in the
police shooting in a subway in Brooklyn
yesterday. Two cops firing their weapons
at a fair jumping man who authorities
say used a knife to try to attack the
officers. But in the process, two
passengers were shot, one of them
critically, and one of the cops was also
hit. How that happened, we still don't
know. But are even more infamous for
their inability to do their job when it
matters most. The officer uh attempted
to get a fire extinguisher to uh you
know to douse the flame. And so I'm not
going to speak more on that particular
issue. Yet time and time again, Casey
Neistat has made a concerted effort to
do soft propaganda for the NYPD,
frequently featuring them in his
elaborate videos and going out of his
way to celebrate and thank them for
their supposed bravery. There's the man.
What up, Rich? Rich, what do you think
of the new One Wheel? It's nice,
right? At least one day, man.
I'm specifically talking about this
video where Casey rips on a cop for
driving a tiny police car. Basically
going apeshit because he believes the
NYPD are a powerful force in the city
and need to drive a big car in order to
be respected as a police force. I mean,
what does he want the cops to drive
around in tanks? Oh, right. What is this
car? A smart car.
Man, what do you do? How where's your
NYPD? is the dignity, man. That is the
goofiest car I've ever seen. Look at
this thing. Look at the little lights.
That's ridiculous. Dear NYPD, what were
you thinking when you bought these
things? How is anyone supposed to
respect a police force that drives
around in little go-karts? Look at this
tiny little car. What do you think of
this thing? Yo, this thing is crazy.
I've never seen anything like it. Do you
think they had to leave their dignity at
the police station cuz they couldn't fit
it in the car? What do you think of that
cop car?
It's little. I wouldn't want to ride in
it. Officer, is it embarrassing driving
around in that go-kart?
Poor guy. Stay safe, little buddy. Stay
safe, little buddy. Watch out for
potholes. Wouldn't want to lose you.
Casey Neistat revolutionized the daily
vlog. However, he didn't come up with
the concept by any means. In fact, one
particular Viner turned YouTuber began
his daily vlog a mere month before Casey
Neistat, suggesting that Casey was quite
inspired by this person's venture into
daily vlogging. This is my first vlog. I
don't know how long this is going to
last, but I'm I'm going to give it a
shot. I'm going to try vlogging maybe
every other day, every day. Who knows?
But I'm going to do it. So, subscribe to
YouTube channel. Hey, this is my first
vlog, man. [__] off.
All right, let's let's just start
vlogging. What a dick. In 2022, Casey
Neistat released his documentary Under
the Influence at South by Southwest, a
film about the rise and fall of the
biggest YouTuber in the world, whose
feel-good videos masked the dark and
reckless new ethos of online celebrity
culture. The film received massive
praise from its audience, and after
being nominated for the Golden Starfish
Award at the Hampton's International
Film Festival, it's never been seen
again.
And from the looks of it, Casey Neistat
may be holding off on the film's public
release in order to protect the image of
his new friend, David Dori. Casey
facetimed me and that's why I sued David
cuz I saw what David said about me and
how he really felt and I was like,
"Noing way." Like my heart dropped. I
thought I knew I was like best friends
with this kid and this is how he talks
about me behind my back. Yeah. It's not
even behind my back. It's in a
documentary that'll be out in a year,
you know? Yeah, but the statute of
limitations would have been up. If I
hadn't seen that clip, I would have
never got the Oh, got you. The suit.
Yeah. So, thank you, Casey, for doing
that. But also, kind of you Casey right
now because Oh, he Yeah. He said that
he's not releasing his documentary that
you sat down with a girl that was
assaulted and spoke to you about her
most traumatic moment of her life for
days, weeks, and you're going to bury
the story to protect this kid that you
openly admitted. Caseying sat for weeks
interviewing her and now he said that he
thinks that David was the best comedian
on YouTube in history.
That that was the funniest part of the
interview right there. Between the
filming of this documentary, its
subsequent film festival release, and to
this day, David Dori has faced quite a
bit of controversy. And I'm not talking
about problematic age gaps of 2 years.
I'm talking real criminal [__] And it
seems as though that's what this film
explores.
That is sexual
assault. But not long after, he did it
again. I had an idea to pull the prank
on him. Maybe I'll have some new friends
that, you know, will will support me and
in in my ventures moving forward. And
and I I made the decision to just kind
of go along with it. But instead of
David himself apologizing or even just
speaking about it publicly in any way,
he had one of his employees, Scotty
Sire, make a video [__] on Seth and
defending Big Daddy himself, David Dori.
What's up, guys? I am totally sick of
seeing my friends names get dragged
through the mud because of false
allegations and lies and just things
that aren't true. So, I'm going to
address some of those allegations and
defend my friends. they haven't said
anything because typically the Vlog
Squad does not address rumors and lies
and gossip because it platforms the
person telling the lies, draws attention
to it and we know who we are. We know
our character. We know we're good people
and we know it's not true. But this has
gotten to a point where it's such a
serious accusation that it needs to be
addressed. Everybody makes mistakes. I
am not an angel. I've definitely made
mistakes myself and all we can hope for
when we make mistakes is to learn and
grow from those mistakes. That being
said, telling a lie is a mistake itself.
And there's been a lot of that going
around. First of all, David's a great
person. Jason's a great person. In fact,
they're both fantastic people. David
doesn't have a mean bone in his body.
He's so nice. When someone does
something that really upsets him, he
gets disappointed instead of angry. But
then, can you believe it? Something even
worse took place on camera, front and
center on the David Dori vlog. And can
you believe it centered around someone
who goes by Dirty Dom? That's such an
innocent, downto-earth
name. To keep this video somewhat brief,
David and his friends for hire were all
hanging out and thought it would be
funny to center that day's vlog around
Dirty Dom, who planned on bringing
several collegeage girls to his
apartment with the sole purpose of
having sex with them.
Holy [__] Oh, this is weird. All the
while, David was standing right outside
the bedroom door recording the entire
time. Oh my god. Oh my god. I can't look
in the We have to leave the apartment.
What if I told you that the man named
Dirty Dom wasn't exactly receptive to
the concept of consent? Shocker, I know.
After one of these girls came out to
address what took place in that bedroom
all those months ago, the story blew up,
leading to much online scrutiny and
investigation into what took place that
night. I knew this article was coming
out, but it was way more in-depth and
the gravity of the of the accusations in
this article was way more than I
expected. For the last couple of weeks
now, I've been telling you guys all the
stuff that's been going on with David
Doi. This blows everything out of the
water that we've talked about. Chief
exposed Dom with regards to the essay
allegations and debunk certain elements
of the article that was written about
the allegations. Jeff said that Trisha
lied in the article about Jeff supplying
alcohol to lien up the girls. You said a
bunch of times in your video that Trisha
is the reason you're in this article.
Did you Did you read the article? I
didn't want to pay for the payw wall on
it on it. No, I listen I I uh I don't
want to make any jokes. I just have a
sarcastic tone like I want I want to be
clear that I'm here.
Do you acknowledge that it wasn't Trisha
just saying that? Now, after listening
to you guys uh addressing the article a
bunch of times, yeah, I understand. So,
you really didn't read the article or
were you joking? No, listen. So, I'll
start from the top. And like I said, you
know, I'm not here to discredit the
victim at all. And I want to make that
clear. I'm not I'm just here to explain
my side of the story. And the reason I'm
even coming on here is because I
genuinely feel like, you know, this are
there are some misunderstandings here
and we could just clear it up if we talk
it out. When I first got reached out to
by Insider, the the reporter,
immediately I was like, "Oh, what is
this? My name and an article with Dom
and sexual assault. Like, I'm going to
call right away before I had the facts
straight." This was 3 years ago. So, you
know, stupid move. You're right. I'll
give it to you. That was dumb to call a
reporter when I I don't even know. But I
don't think she mischaracterized you
either. So, I got to stop you there a
little bit, too. I had nothing to do
with the sexual assault. had nothing to
do with with anything that happened
inside of that bedroom. When I peaked
in, it was a faked bit. And the sweaty
part after was a a fake a setup shot
after the next day. And I mean, that's
my story. That's from 3 years ago.
That's what I remember. And I I can I
can, you know, I think from what I can
tell, I agree. I think you're a good
dude. And like I said, I hope you get
through this and you're okay. But uh
what what is the goal here? Because for
me, it's to try to help sexual assault
victims. Genuinely, I that's genuinely
what I'm I'm here for. And you know, I
Well, what you're doing when you
question the motives of the authors,
you're basically saying that there's no
article that could be about this that
would be acceptable to me because
they're making money. You're saying that
if there was a payw wall on it and you
wanted to get those clicks through doing
it this way. They had lawyers. The lawy
David's lawyers were threatening them
non-stop. They have I don't know. I I
don't know this stuff. You act like I'm
done with David every day. Well, it's in
the article if you would have read the
article.
Okay, Ethan. Now, that right there is
Jeff Whitick, someone who was seen in
that clip, ironically became his next
victim. After the Dirty Dom controversy,
David Dori and the Vlog Squad planned an
elaborate vlog for their big return to
YouTube with help from an excavator. And
what do you think happens when you
operate professional construction
equipment with one hand while you hold a
camera in the other with your friend
swinging on a rope tied to said
machinery? Not good things.
[Music]
[Applause]
So, where does Casey Neistat tie into
all of this? For all I know, Casey
wasn't there during the excavator
incident, but it did take place during
the time Casey was recording the
documentary on David Dori. The
documentary being completely upended and
forced to change course as it was
originally meant to be nothing more than
a puff piece on David Dori and the
extravagant and exciting lives of
internet
celebrities. Casey Neistat had to make a
choice. Do I release this expose on my
friend David Dori after all this time
filming and hanging out together? Or do
I protect him and hide this film from
the general public as a way to shield
him from the well-deserved consequences
of his actions? Well, Casey and Neistat
went on Jeff Whitick's podcast not too
long ago. I got you this present. Look
at that. You know, take it out. Take
Show what it cuz you didn't have to do
that because I I don't know if you Well,
I mean, I know it's Christmas and
everything. I don't know if you're
running out, but there you go. It's a
It's a bunch of Kool-Aid cuz you're
still drinking it, my friend. You didn't
just stop. You're still in the cult.
You're still blind. Yeah, these I'm
going to put these both up,
my friend. You still have a little bit
in you. And if you didn't get blasted in
the head by a crane or had sex with
against your will when you were drunk,
you may have different feelings. It took
me a long time to stop drinking that
Kool-Aid. It took I went through like
five surgeries and I was still drinking
that Kool-Aid. And upon being confronted
by Jeff Whitick on his seemingly tight
and protective friendship with David
Dori, this is what he had to say. You
know, I haven't had any communication
Yeah. with David. Nor have I sought any
communication um with him. And when I
talk about this idea of protecting him,
like no, I don't I don't feel any desire
to protect him. And what I said in that
interview, and I still I'll still say
this today, is that like the way that
that documentary transpired, like if I
can give the whole thing in an
abbreviated way, is I really was excited
about telling this story of what it
means to go from zero to being the
biggest creator in the world. That was a
story that I wanted to tell. And that
was a story I wanted to like dedicate
years of my life to telling. And David
seemed like the perfect candidate. He
seemed like it. Yeah. He really seemed
like it when when I first met him and
and his explosion was unlike anything I
had seen. And I rode that wave and like
that tour, The Greatest Time of Your
Life was sort of the apex of that. It
was like um we were going to
universities, we were going to Miami,
we're going to all these places and like
the way even Hero 368 felt like the
Beatles. The way people reacted to you
guys was unlike anything I'd ever seen.
And that was the movie that I wanted to
make. Yeah. And then this story comes
out. When you talk about drinking the
juice Yeah. I think that I'll take that
criticism and I'm not going to I won't
fight with you about it. I've been I
drank the juice for the first year. I
kept saying I I pushed back on it, Jeff,
because like, you know, it it's I I
didn't hesitate to, you know, throw away
my friendship, which I I did have with
him, and I should have never made that
friendship with him cuz it made me less
uh of a good journalist. Yeah. Less of
an objective journalist for sure. And
that I had to tear off the friend
band-aid and put on the journalist hat.
And that was really hard to do. And if I
had just been a journalist the whole
time, maybe I wouldn't have gotten the
access.
honest
mad because of all this [__] that I
felt like was hidden. Yeah. And was
masked and when it came out so you can
give me [__] for drinking the juice,
Jeff. I'm going to take this Kool-Aid
home, but I want but I but I want you to
sort of start start dwindling dwindling
down. You know, maybe do a lower dose
each day before you got to get off that
stuff. Yeah, I just push back because I
I would love to understand how how you
think it's,
you know, me drinking the juice because
of the fact that I've never had anything
to do with the guy. And when I talk
about this idea of like just saying
things like like what you did in that
interview with that guy, uh I don't know
who who is that guy cuz you don't you
don't do a lot of podcasts. No, he's
fantastic. His channel's fantastic. He
used to work at YouTube. He got good
questions out of you. He Yeah, really
good question. Got you some backlash.
Was there other answers? No, no. From uh
just like saying things about um you
know that he was the best comedian. Oh,
just about David stuff. Yeah. Yeah. Just
like that stuff. So like you know I you
not releasing the doc for the sole
purpose that you feel the need to
protect. Yeah. I never said that, Jeff.
That's a that's a that's a complete
that's a total mischaracterization. And
I still don't know why I don't put it
out there. I think it's because maybe
some part of me, as much as I'm ashamed
to admit it, is because I still like
very deeply love and care for David. And
maybe it's about protecting him. Casey
Neistat does admit shortly after that
maybe not the entire reason, but a piece
of the puzzle as to why he has yet to
release the film might be that deep down
he feels bad for David Dori. You you
said that in the there was that that's
part of it and it's a nuanced like the
the hard part with the internet is being
honest and being nuanced. Yeah. Because
people don't want to hear it. They want
to take absolute and that's not an
absolute. When I think about that movie,
it forces me to confront all of the
[__] that I just expressed. And then
that evokes a sense of doubt in me. And
this is real. And this is me being
honest and me being vulnerable. And this
is the same thing I would say to you if
none of these cameras were here or
anyone that asked me like why isn't it
out? And it's like maybe there is some
part that's like I don't want to have to
confront this story. Maybe there's some
part of me that feels guilty because the
reason why I had that access is because
I was their friends. I was David's
friend. Yeah. And he gave me all this
access and then in the end I used it to
make a movie that told the truth that he
didn't want out there. That'sed up. But
like I'm I'm just being honest. Like
there is some tiny bit of doubt in me
that thinks maybe the reason why I'm not
more aggressive in getting this out
there is because of that. Is that me
protecting him? If if you see it that
way, then then there's nothing I can do.
I'm just going off words that I actually
heard. I can understand why he would
feel that way. I can understand why he
is filled with all different sorts of
guilt over the situation. But what I
cannot understand is how that would stop
him from releasing the film to the
public, which covers realworld crimes
that need to be brought to light. Maybe
there's extra details I'm not aware of.
There there are certainly details I'm
not aware of, but from a journalistic
standpoint, from an artistic standpoint,
I do not respect that decision by Casey
Neistat. And Jeff's audience is
seemingly on the same page. Calling
yourself a journalist while refusing to
publish your journalism is bizarre. The
role of a journalist is to tell the
truth objectively without being
influenced by personal biases. You tell
the truth even if it's ugly. He
interviewed a victim of essay, made her
relive the horror just so her story
won't be told because he just isn't
feeling it. Halfway through the pod and
not really keen with Casey. He reminds
me of a politician and says whatever he
thinks the person in front of him wants
to hear to keep the peace. Asking
himself questions and answering them is
so politician. Holding on to this
footage for three years now, while at
the same time explaining in interviews
that the reason it's not out is due in
part to the fact that you kind of feel
bad for David, is just not a good look.
I don't know what else to say. It's just
not at all admirable, especially coming
from someone claiming to be doing
journalism, someone I looked up to. Say
what you will about the whole situation,
but I personally don't think it's the
worst of it. I've looked up to Casey off
and on for a decade at this point. And
while many of these things I was able to
look past or find an explanation for in
my head, this last subject is what
really made me change my mind entirely
on Casey Neistat and changed the way I
see all of his past doings. The way he
talks about Palestine, that charter
makes it clear. It's not about land.
It's not about helping the people of
Palestine live prosperous or happy
lives. It is about Jews. These are not
freedom fighters. They're racist
[Music]
murderers. It's now been a year and a
half since the initial October 7 attack,
which was not at all the beginning of
this conflict, but was an event that
certainly accelerated what Israel had
been doing for nearly a century. Casey
Neistat is without a doubt not a
political person, at least on the
internet. He's made a very successful
career for himself for that reason. I
mean, the last time he tried to make
some political statement, he got
absolutely dunked on. Albeit by some of
the least respected people on the
internet, but still it wasn't pretty.
Casey Neistat is a very popular YouTuber
who made a video a couple days ago,
Hillary Clinton. I will be voting for
Hillary Clinton. Casey endorsed Hillary
with such gusto, he basically [__] her
in the ass and gave her a reach round. I
mean, he went full service for her,
which is fine. And frank frankly, I even
respect it a little bit because I know
it can be so divisive and difficult to
talk about politics. So, it's cool that
he did that and I respect that. But
towards the end of the video, he gets
into this whole thing about how we're
all moral of morally obligated to vote
for Hillary. And he even goes as far as
to telling people to ask their favorite
creators on YouTube to get a spine and
backbone and make sure that we all vote
for Hillary. I want to end this by
calling out all the big YouTubers. Some
I know and some you viewers might know.
See, making videos like this, they're
not popular. They're not going to get
you subscribers. They're not going to
boost your view counts. But there is
something much more valuable than
subscribers or dollars, and that's
backbone. Kind of rubbed me the wrong
way. That all changed after October 7th,
when 4 days after the fact on October
11th, Casey Neistat released a video
with a oneword title.
Ready?
Look at this guy. Look at the guy in
red. She got the hair. That's me. in
Israel, I think in Jerusalem in
2005. Um, if you're Jewish, you have to
go on this free trip called Birthright
Israel. It's fun. It's like a It's like
summer camp. You go to Israel with a
bunch of people your age, and you get to
do cool stuff and learn. It's like a
field trip. It's great. Israel is an
ethnoc colonial project. And that free
trip that every Jewish person gets to go
on in hopes that they decide to live in
Israel or even better fall in love with
an attractive IDF soldier like what
happened with Ethan and Nila was just a
fun summer camp for Casey Neistad.
Not now is targeting Birthright in a
campaign urging the group to in its
words tell the truth about the Israeli
occupation. Welcome to the 2018
Birthright Israel
summer. Birthright is a program that was
started in the 90s as a response to
rising rates of intermarriage.
A late baby
birthright is one of the main sources of
information about Israel for my
generation of young Jews. We don't
really know much about Israel until you
come here. And the Israel that
Birthright portrays is an Israel that is
really only half the truth. such a kind
and welcoming place. At least eight
foreign Jews who are anti-occupation
advocates have come forward with stories
of intimidation, harassment, or
interrogation over their political
views. You immediately feel there's
something here for you. Something I
unexplainable, you know, like home. The
Israeli Arabs have described it as a
racist law that borders on a parttheid.
Birthright has an explicitly right-wing
political agenda. It is up to you to be
our soldiers abroad, ready to rally
governments public opinion in Israel. It
feels like the equivalent of like going
to the Jim Crow South during segregation
and like not not talking about
segregation. Six activists joined by two
other birthright participants staged a
protest walk out. My name is Karen
Kersy. My name is Rebecca Oliver. My
name is Rhysa Nagel. My name is Hie. My
name is Sarah Fedum. and I just walked
off my birthright trip. What it's really
doing is is hiding the occupation from
young American Jews like myself. I
couldn't just sit back asking questions,
seeking out the truth. To me, this very
strong part of my Jewish identity. What
we are trying to do is to say to to our
community and to Birthright, we deserve
the truth. If you're Jewish, you get to
go on this free trip called Birthright
Israel. It's fun. It's like uh it's like
summer camp. You go to Israel with a
bunch of people your age and you get to
do cool stuff and learn. It's like a
field trip. It's great. It's like summer
camp. It's like a field trip. It's
great. Have y'all seen the movie Zone of
Interest? I think that comparison speaks
for itself. I'm not religious at all,
but I'm Jewish. I'm a very proud Jew and
I've always been aware of my Jewishness.
When I was a little kid, it was holidays
at Nana's house. You I was going to
synagogue on holidays because that meant
I got to skip school.
uh when I was a little bit older, like
maybe when I was a teenager, I
remember Stephen Spielberg's epic movie
Schindler's List coming out. And I
remember like I remember very
specifically watching that movie,
understanding that that film was like a
very true-to-life depiction of things
that actually happened here on planet
Earth. A a graphic,
in-your-face representation of the
Holocaust.
And I remember watching that movie and
thinking like, why didn't the Jews just
stop being Jewish so they wouldn't get
shot? I didn't understand then
that to be a Jew that that's your
ethnicity. And to hate someone because
they're Jewish is not to hate a people
based on their actions or their politics
or who they choose as their god, but
it's to hate them because of who they
are.
And and watching that movie, even as a
kid, I I never understood why the bad
guys hated them so much. It made no
sense to me. And I'm older now and maybe
just slightly less
naive. But to hate a people just because
of who they are still doesn't make any
sense to
me. I don't get it. And look, the
situation in the Middle East is
complicated. And to call it complicated
is a wild oversimplification. I love
when people call the Israel Palestine
conflict a complicated situation.
There's nothing complicated about it.
You know what? Instead of me explaining
it, here's the late great Michael Brooks
giving his explanation for the
simplicity of the conflict. As someone
with a Jewish background, yes. How do
you feel about Bernie's plan for Israel,
especially as someone concerned with
foreign policy? I love it. It's
absolutely necessary. My Jewish values
teach me to oppose apartheid. Are you
not concerned about the binary between
either condemning Israel entirely
um being like also a stance that a lot
of like very strong and notorious
anti-semitic people agree with versus
like you know seeing this as more of a
complex issue where it is wrong what's
going on and there's also a way to do
this that Israel still exists and is
supported. So or is so it's not a
complex issue. That's the big thing.
It's super simple. There's one group
that has enormous power. It's the most
powerful country in the Middle East.
It's backed by the United States. It
acts on another population of people
with total impunity and is never held
accountable for anything. So there's no
symmetry in the relationship. Period.
And just as like a thought experiment,
IDW
people, if we know that if somehow a
population of Jewish refugees ended up
in West Bank in Gaza and an Arabic
government in Jerusalem and Tel Aviv had
an open air prison in in what you know,
Jewish Gaza, which they bombed the white
phosphorus, they killed civilians
indiscriminately in. They had no uh
provisions for medicine. They had an
embargo that blocked food, that the
electricity wasn't running, that there
was an over 48% unemployment rate, life
expectancy and malnutrition. Statistics
were horrifying. The uh one of the major
uh policy makers in this hypothetical
Arabic Palestinian state said, "We need
to put those Jews on a diet." In the
West Bank, there was another Jewish area
where there was a little bit more
autonomy, but there was regular Arabic
settlements where they pulled up the
Jewish farmers foods. They terrorized
them with rocks. The security forces
broke children's bones and they couldn't
drive their own roads. We'd all have no
problem understanding what that was. So
there's nothing complex about it. It's a
conflict that's thousands of years old.
It's a conflict you can read about in
the Bible. The Romans fought over
Jerusalem, the First World War, the
Balffor Declaration, the Second World
War, 1948, 1967, 1973, 1982, and on and
on. It's nuanced. It's complicated. And
despite the world's very best efforts
for peace, no one seems to be able to
figure it out. I certainly don't
understand it. It is too complicated for
me. I find it incredibly funny that this
dude is married to a white South
African, yet think something as simple
and straightforward as a parttheid is
too complicated to figure out a solution
for. Like, dude, you already figured it
out decades ago. What's not complicated
though is what happened last Saturday
when members of Hamas set out on a
mission with a singular goal to kill as
many Jews as
possible. They
murdered, mutilated, kidnapped Jewish
women, grandmas, kids in entire
families. And look who war has existed
for all of human history and all war is
violence. There's not much morality in
any of it. But there's a reason why
history singles out the truly
reprehensible. And when it comes to
walking doortodoor shooting families in
their homes or or killing 260 young
people an electronic dance music
festival, um a lot of those 260 innocent
young people were shot in the back as
they were running away.
or kidnapping a young woman, violently
raping her and then parading her through
the streets to cheering crowds or uh or
finding out
yesterday a confirmed report that
uh about 40 dead babies were were
discovered. Some of them still in their
cribs. This rumor about 40 dead babies
got a lot of motion post October 7. So
much so that Sleepy Joe himself made the
claim at a press conference. not only
claiming that it happened, but claiming
that he saw the evidence. I never really
thought that I would see and have
confirmed pictures of
terrorists beheading children. It's
honestly scary that Casey Neistat
reiterates how this was a confirmed
report when in absolutely no sense of
the word was the crime confirmed. It was
simply a rumor spread by I24, a
prominent news channel in Israel.
There's no moral equivalency here.
There's no yeah, but there's no
justifying that kind of barbarism
because of a cause. It is horror and
demonic in the very worst that humans,
any humans are capable of. Yes, any
violence against civilians is
unacceptable. But without analysis of
the situation, the power structure at
hand between an oppressed apartheid
state and those being oppressed, the
only conclusion that you can come to is
these Arabs are anti-Semitic. I'm making
this video not because I'm the best
person to deliver this information. Read
the news if you want to know what's
going on. I do not have a deep
understanding of the geopolitical
situation in the Middle East or some
naive answer to a conflict that is
thousands of years old. And despite this
awesome t-shirt that I have on,
you need to leave. Uh, you know, I'm not
here to give the peace sign and say,
"Can't we all just get along?" I'm
making this video to be as vocal as
possible. uh in in calling out
anti-semitism when I see it.
Anti-semitism, that is to hate Jewish
people simply because of who they are,
Jewish. Wanting peace for Palestinians,
that's not anti-semitic. Questioning or
criticizing the Israeli government or
its leaders for their actions, that is
not inherently anti-semitic. That's
that's an important dialogue that
everyone concerned should be engaged in.
But what happened what happened Saturday
was not motivated by a desire for land
or freedom or any political agenda. It
was about Jews. The people of Palestine
who escaped Gaza were not motivated by
their hatred of Jewish people. They were
motivated by their hatred of whichever
people were on the other side of that
fence. Had they been Russian, German,
Turkish, they would have committed the
same atrocities. This is a people who
have tried every action under the sun to
achieve prosperity and
self-determination and failure after
failure had only one more option. But to
Casey Neistat, these people are evil,
vile scum of the earth and only want one
thing in this world. To end the lives of
Jewish people. You know what? Here's
Norm Finkelstein explaining how his
parents who lived in the Warsaw ghetto
felt about German people. And then your
other
expert seems to believe that they need
textbooks to incite them to hate
Israelis. I got news for you, sir. My
parents were in concentration camps. My
parents did not need Jewish
textbooks to convince them to hate
Germans. It was their real life
experience.
that convinced them. Can I can I can I
I'd like All right, back to the
malarkey. Hamas, the perpetrators of of
that violence. Hamas has a singular
mission, and they're not secretive about
it. Um, you can read Hamas's charter.
It's online. You got to dig around, but
you can find it online.
And that charter makes it clear. It's
not about land. It's not about helping
the people of Palestine live prosperous
or happy lives. It is about Jews. These
are not freedom fighters. They're racist
murderers. The day of judgment will not
come about until fight Jews and kill
them. Then the Jews will hide behind
rocks and trees and the rocks and trees
will cry out. There's a Jew hiding
behind me. Come and kill him. That is a
that is a poorly translated but direct
quote from the Hamas Charter. A publicly
stated goal of the murderers. We're 1
and a half years into this genocide. I
really don't think I have to explain how
idiotic this statement is. The actions
of Hamas on October 7 were quite
literally pointblank period motivated by
a desire for freedom. Let me explain
this from a simple context we can all
understand. Casey is not lying about the
Hamas charter. It does say those things,
but it is not anti-semitic to hate your
oppressor who just so happens to be
Jewish. Let me explain. During the times
of cattle slavery in the United States,
people from Western Africa were
kidnapped to work on plantations in the
south. We all know the story. And for
about 300 years, black people
universally understood white people to
be their oppressor. If those slaves were
to come together, form a makeshift army,
and write up a charter, they would
without a doubt write about their
singular goal to achieve freedom through
the of white people. Does this mean
they're racist against white people? No.
But even if you do believe that, answer
me this. Do they want to white people
because they are white? Not in the
slightest. They want to white people
because they are being oppressed by
white people. Were there white people in
the US at the time who were completely
against the concept of slavery? 100%.
But the only white people slaves ever
knew were the ones they were forced to
work under for
generations. I can't even believe I have
to explain this. So when I see on social
media
um especially by post by people that I
know attempts at justifying the acts of
these savages by by equivocating it. Did
bro really just use the word savages?
The slaves who revolted during the Nat
Turner rebellion who killed their slave
master and his entire family. Were they
savages? I shouldn't even ask this
question cuz Casey would probably say
yes. so-called activists rushing to say
that there are reasons why it's okay
that those families were murdered or or
or people who can look at a video of a
girl being pulled out of a truck with
blood pouring from her pants after she's
been ganging sake say all resistance is
justified. My question is like on what
grounds do you make such claims? Have
you no humanity? Can you not separate
the desire for peace or land or whatever
your goals might be from these heinous
acts?
Like where do you have to go in your
brain before you can stop seeing the
murder of babies in their cribs as just
that murders of babies and instead see
it as just it is incomprehensible to me.
This dude is a millionaire living in the
Imperial Corps. Of course, you don't
understand. Okay, I'm I can't watch any
more of this garbage. I'm going to give
the floor to Hassan just to finish it
up. The people who who marched the day
after the attacks holding up a sign that
read by any means
necessary. Really? Any means? Of course,
there are innocent Palestinian victims
out there who need support, who need a
voice, but Hamas, the people who
committed these barbaric acts, they're
not serving those people. That's not
their I hate the like the the liberal
Zionist take of like yeah the people uh
the people the innocent Palestinians
deserve more than Hamas. It's like okay
well then abolish the apartheid like the
major actor
here is
Israel anyway.
goal, their mission is singular. It's to
kill people because of who they are,
because they're Jewish.
Yeah, totally. And look, I I know a lot
of a lot of folks are are scared to
speak up or or speak out in support of
their Jewish
friends because it's a complicated
situation. Nobody wants to say the wrong
thing.
But know that that Jewish people know
that your Jewish friends when they see
scenes like
this that's a that's a large group of
people chanting gas the Jews in Sydney,
Australia like 2 days ago. That
literally wasn't that like aing random
group of people and then they
immediately got dealt with by the
protesters. Yeah, there's opportunist
that was confirmed fake. Oh, that was
actually just straight up debunked. I
thought it was like a bunch of random uh
dudes that showed up, opportunists. It
doesn't seem too complicated for Casey
Neistad. Like he keeps saying it's
complicated, but it doesn't seem to be
that complicated. He's saying that the
Palestinians are barbaric monsters or
the kamas is barbaric monsters and you
know they're operating simply on
anti-semitism as like their overarching
reason. Why would that be complicated
then? This is what I do not understand.
What hurts Jewish people more than those
scenes is when
non-Jews are
silent, when their peers are too afraid
to speak out against that kind of
blatant
hatred, that kind of blatant
anti-semitism. All right? And obviously
if you were paying attention to the
actions of Israel, you woulding know
regardless that uh Israel was about to
do some unconscionable [__] The
problem, however, is that many who
defend Israel
always refused to pay attention to what
Israel does. That's the problem. And he
has not done a follow-up since then.
Casey Neistat's brother, Van Neistat,
also made a video after October 7th. And
somehow his takes in that video were
even more brain dead than his
brothers. I came up with the idea for
this episode last
February. Over the past two weeks or so,
I've been listening to a lot of podcasts
and accounts of the October 7th
terrorist attacks on Israel. I've seen
the footage of the anti-semitic chants
and rallies from around the world,
especially on college
campuses. At a very young age, I was
warned that these things would one day
come again.
I see the explicit
anti-semitism and I and others who know
Jews or are Jews, we're astonished by
anti-semitism because it makes no sense.
In the face of the contributions Jews
have made to our civilization and in the
face of the consequences that we know
Jew hating leads to, it makes no sense
that kids in Australia and England and
in the United States are rallying
against
Jews. So why why do people hate Jews?
Yeah, let's show some videos of pro
Palestine protests and a girl wearing a
hijab and claim they're rallying against
Jews. How stupid do you have to be to
make such a claim? Ironically, this
itself is an anti-Semitic statement. By
claiming that anti-Israel protests are
somehow anti-Jewish, you're conflating
the crimes of Israel with the teachings
of Judaism. Two things that could not be
more opposed to one another. Thomas Soul
says that hostility towards Jews is
beyond all proportion to any other group
that he can think of. Soul says the
reason for the hatred is because Jews
succeed in a way that is a threat to the
egos of other people. Historically,
immigrant Jews, wherever they've gone,
started out with nothing and arose to
tremendous success. Thomas Soul, I love
this guy. famed economist who's
frequently quoted by racists and
anti-semmites alike like Candace Owens
for example. Weak unsuccessful people
see that rise and they hate the
successful Jews for it because it's
easier than hating themselves who
especially in this country are the
actual ones responsible for their own
lack of success. Americans are
responsible for their own lack of
success. This is the greatest
bootlicking I've heard. escape the mouth
of a Neistat. And that's saying
something. But alas, this video is about
Casey Neistat. And as much as I'd love
to watch this video in full and dissect
his every word, I have a life. I need to
get on with this video. Casey Neistat
never made a follow-up to his original
video. Even after months of Israel's
disproportionate response to October 7,
what is now quite obviously seen as a
genocide of the Palestinian people.
Instead, he doubled down and one month
after October 7th, decided to wear a hat
with the Israeli flag on it while he ran
the New York City Marathon. One month
after that, he wore the same hat in
another marathon. This time, turning it
backwards. Wow, so brave. He then went
silent for the next few months as bombs
continue to drop on Gaza at an
unimaginable scale. It wasn't until
April 2024 when Casey Neistat decided
once again to take a stand. Not against
the atrocious actions of Israel, but
against the college students protesting
said actions. As Israel's assault on
Gaza enters its 200th day, Palestinian
solidarity protests and encampments are
spreading on college campuses across the
United States. Inspired by the Gaza
Solidarity Encampment at Columbia
University, here in New York, police
raided a student encampment at New York
University. Monday night, police
arrested more than 150 people, including
students and 20 faculty members. Earlier
on Monday, police at Yale University
arrested 60 protesters, including 47
students who'd set up an encampment to
demand the school divest from weapons
manufacturers. At Colombia, the student
encampment has entered its seventh day.
The president's
decision to send riot police to pick up
peaceful protesters on our
campus was
unprecedented,
unjustified,
disproportionate,
divisive, and dangerous. Yeah.
Student encampments are now in place at
numerous other schools including
University of Michigan and Arbor,
University of California, Berkeley,
University of Maryland, MIT, and Emerson
College in Boston. In April of 2024,
protests sprung up all over the United
States, specifically at universities
with the goal of divestment, getting the
universities to walk back their
investments in Israeli companies and
companies operating in Israel in the
occupied West Bank of Palestine. These
weren't just any protests. The reason
they became so controversial was due to
their permanence in the form of
encampments. Starting at Columbia
University in Manhattan, students set up
tents, medical stations, food stands
with the purpose of making this protest
the final protest. After Colombia's
encampment was subsequently shut down,
students suspended, and then the camp
returning even stronger and greater than
before, these university encampments
began appearing all across the United
States. I graduated from college just a
few months earlier, but I visited the
University of Minnesota's encampment a
few times, and the energy was great.
Actually, the University of Minnesota
encampment had a similar story to
Colombia's. It was small at first. The
students were almost immediately
arrested, and the next day, the
encampment returned, significantly
larger, and with a greater student body
than the day previous. There was an
energy in the air unlike anything I had
ever experienced.
Not only were students protesting, but
faculty also joined in at various
schools across the nation to show
support for their students who were
upholding their First Amendment right to
protest unjustifiable warfare and
genocide in Gaza. Unfortunately, this
energy only lasted so long. Students in
Austin were subject to brutal arrests,
as were students in California. Some
students continued the fight and were
able to occupy buildings for days, but
that too came to a close.
At UCLA, a mob of Zionists were the ones
inflicting violence upon the student
protesters. With no police in sight, not
until the Zionist mob left did the
police finally show up and subsequently
shut down the encampment. As we
broadcast this morning, Los Angeles
police and riot gear are dismantling a
pro Palestinian encampment on US UCLA's
campus after hundreds of police used
flashbang grenades, rubber bullets, and
tear gas in a face off with protesters
who chanted, "We're not leaving. You
don't scare us.
[Applause]
[Music]
The police raid at UCLA came a day after
pro-Israel counterprotesters attacked
the encampment with fireworks, metal
rods, and tear gas for hours late
Tuesday night and into early Wednesday
morning. At least 15 people were
injured. This is how UCLA's student
newspaper, The Daily Breuan, described
the violence instigated by
counterprotesters in an editorial.
Quote, "It began with earpiercing
screams of wailing babies loudly
emitting from speakers,
counterprotesters tearing down the
barricades, laser pointers flashing into
the encampment, people in masks waving
strobe lights, tear gas, pepper spray,
violent beatings. Fireworks sparked at
the border of the encampment, raining
down on tents and the individuals inside
the Daily Breuan Road. The editorial
noted Los Angeles police did not arrive
until slightly after 100 a.m. Meanwhile,
around 3:30 a.m. Wednesday morning, four
UCLA student journalists were attacked
by the pro-Israel counterprotesters on
campus. One of the journalists was
treated for injuries at the hospital and
has since been released. There were no
arrests after Tuesday night's attack.
Wednesday's classes were cancelled. The
Daily Bruins editorial ended with a
question, quote, "Will someone have to
die on our campus tonight for you to
intervene, Gan Blancc? The blood would
be on your hands." So for Casey Neistat,
having resided in New York City for some
time, these protests must have hit close
to home. I mean, his studio was a mere
few miles from the Colombia encampment,
and Casey had yet to comment on the
actions of Israel over the past months.
So, this was the perfect opportunity for
him to come out in support of these
students using their voices for good,
right? I mean, he makes videos. Why not
go travel down to Columbia University
and make a video about the encampments?
That'd be cool, right? Casey Neistat
used this opportunity to go to Instagram
to post this photo with the caption
reading, "Protest the war. It's your
right." But death to America, death to
the Jews. You can right off with that.
Discrimination against an entire ethnic
group because of the actions of a
country 6,000 mi away is unamerican and
unconscionable. Right? Clearly Casey is
unaware that a huge chunk of these
student protesters are Jewish
themselves. Many of these encampments
were orchestrated by Jewish groups like
Jewish Voice for Peace. Yet here he is
continuing to make this about himself
claiming that these protesters want
death to Jews. Are you kidding me? And
my god, the American flag hanging behind
him. That's just the cherry on top. You
are not based for this take. You are
simply demonstrating the delusions of
people who conflate Israel with Judaism.
You are quite literally doing the thing
you are arguing
against. So this was in April and a
whole [__] ton more death and
destruction has taken place since then.
And Casey has yet to make any statement
critical of the Israeli government,
which isn't very surprising at this
point because the reason I'm making this
video is because Casey Neistat made an
appearance on a podcast recently. The
same podcast where Casey defended David
Dori. The same podcast that made Jeff
Whitick confront Casey Neistat in the
first place was the podcast that made me
want to make this
video. Towards the end of this
interview, their conversation was
interrupted by a protest taking place
outside his studio on Broadway running
through lower Manhattan. And can you
guess what the people on the street were
protesting? What's your relationship
like with David Doick now? It's
non-existent. You know, I think that
um you know, when the movie was done, I
showed it to him. He's not happy with
it. Um and that's it. Uh you know, I
made it clear to him that like if he
ever wants to reach out, I'm still the
same person and I'm always here and
available. But uh that's that's kind of
where things where things lie. Yeah. Um
and then last,
what in God's name is happening outside
of my office? Some sort of protest. Come
on, man. I got to get out there. There's
a protest outside. I mean, we hear a lot
of the noise.
So, what do you think is the appropriate
response to this? Maybe he'll go down to
street level and interview the
protesters, or at least have a
conversation with one of them. Maybe
he'll just show his support and yell out
the window in agreement with the
protesters. I'm naive. I don't know what
he's going to do. Let's see what he
does.
[Music]
It's always something in this city.
I think that was a
uh some sort of pro Palestine
march. I like to go down
Broadway. You got to show the love, you
know. All
right, one more question. It's actually
about that. Okay, let's get into it.
Yep. He goes and grabs his Israeli flag,
which for some reason he just has on
hand hanging up at its designated spot
in his office and waves it out the
window. What a horrible, I mean, just
brain dead human being. Let's see how he
justifies this. How he justifies
counterprotesting a protest against
genocide. I mean, seemingly he's pro
genocide. Let's see how he justifies it.
Can you just explain what what happened
there? Yeah. So that was um like a
anti-Israel march going down
Broadway. And you know when that happens
I like to wave either my American flag
or an Israeli flag or some combination
of both. Why? He likes to wave his
American flag or Israeli flag or both.
What's the point of that? He's quite
literally just anti-Palestine at this
point. How do you think about your
platform and speaking out about that
given how polarizing it is? Well, I
think it's it's challenging and I've
never been one to hold my tongue and I
think it that exasperates for me sort of
the the frustration in speaking out
against anti-semitism because you know
long before I spoke out against
anti-semitism I was quick to speak speak
out um you know for
pro-LGBTQ rights and I was very loud in
speaking out um in my support of
African-Americans and why it's important
that uh you know we stand up if there's
a moment in in this country where like
our our fellow black Americans are
feeling like they're being unfairly
treated. Um I've never held my tongue.
So when it becomes about anti-semitism,
um you know, for me it's it's certainly
it's different because I think everyone
only understand is able to truly
understand prejudicness through which
the lens they experience it. I'm I'm not
I'm no idea what it's like. Can imagine,
but I have no idea what it's like to be
black in a place where somebody might be
judging you because of the color of your
skin. I don't know that. Um but I know
what it's like to be treated differently
because I'm I'm Jewish. Um so it's
unique to me and I feel like I can speak
on that in a different way. The classic
liberal Zionist, the most annoying of
them all. Oh, I've supported Black Lives
Matter. I've supported LGBTQ rights. How
could I stand idly by and not stand up
against this anti-semitism? In what way
is a pro Palestine march anti-semitic?
Oh, because they're anti-Israel. Israel
is the antithesis of Judaism. How can
people not understand this? I guarantee
you, this is New York City. I guarantee
you a group of hidic Jews were
participating in that march because they
understand how Israel has no right
calling themselves the one and only
Jewish state while literally committing
genocide against a people group. Oh, but
they're anti-Semitic, too, right? What's
really
challenging is that um I I do support
Israel and I love Israel and I've been
there and I love Israelis. Um I don't
understand Israeli politics. Yeah, no
[__] You clearly don't understand
Israeli politics, so maybe don't speak
on it. You know, I don't I don't If you
say Netanyahu is a bad
guy, okay, like I I think that we've had
really bad presidents, too. I think we
have a lot of bad leaders in this
country. Criticize them. If you say I
don't like the way that Israel is is um
prosecuting a
war, I say, "Okay, I'm not a general."
That's fair. I don't like the way that
we marched into Iraq. I don't like
reading about the [__] that we did in in
in Vietnam. That's fair. Criticize that.
Um, if you say that Palestinians deserve
dignity and rights and their own
country, I say hell yeah they do. Hell
yeah they do. Like Palestinians deserve
their all of that. Casey, that's what
the people on the street are protesting.
You're literally agreeing with them. Yet
you stick your head out the window in
opposition. You look down on them. You
know, one of my lab mates at MIT was
from Gaza. love the guy, but I also
support
Israel. And I think what's so
complicated and so frustrating about
this conversation is that you're not
allowed to say that. You're not allowed
to say that I want innocent people that
live in Palestine to not be suffering
and I want them to have good lives. But
I also believe I don't just believe. I'm
convicted in the fact that Israel has
every right to exist and that when
attacked, Israel has every right to pro
per um to protect itself and to fight
back. And those two things are you're
not allowed to say those two things.
You're saying it right now, bro. You're
saying it and you're still a
millionaire. What you're actually not
allowed to say is that you want
self-determination for Palestinians
without being called an anti-semite for
wanting it. That is what you're not
allowed to say. In the same way that
you're not allowed to say like, you
know, I think the Democrats are doing
some stupid stuff that I don't
appreciate, but I also think that the
Republicans are [__] for doing
stupid stuff that I don't appreciate. Um
I, you know, I don't like the way that
the the Democrats handle some um
criminal justice reform because I think
you're letting too many criminals out.
What did I just hear? Casey Neistat is
now coming out and taking a stand
against criminal justice reform. He
wants less people to experience freedom
after serving their time and being
rehabilitated. Who is this guy? I hate
liberals. I can say that about the
Democrats. I don't like that the
Republicans um the way that they address
uh women's reproductive rights. I can
say that about both sides, but you're
not allowed to say that. And you're not
allowed to say that you think that there
are good people in Palestine and that
you support the state of Israel. If I
went down there and tried to say that
those people screaming, marching down
the street, they would not be receptive
to that conversation. And that is really
hard. Yeah. I wonder why. I wonder why.
Going down on the street and confronting
people while you hold the flag of the
oppressor. I wonder why that would cause
violence. It's really hard because I'm
not down there on the street having this
conversation with 20 people um on the
internet saying it to a million people
and it's really hard. It's super hard to
to have that conversation and it's
frustrating. So, it's not hard to speak
up. It's hard to try to reconcile that
we can't be civil and have an honest
conversation about such a a a volatile
um dangerous personal matter. How how do
we start to at least have that
conversation? I don't know. Trying my
best, you know? I I know for me
personally that I I no longer engage
with people that I don't think are
willing to hear. I I know that I'm very
open-minded and I'm willing to hear
whatever it is you have to say. No
matter how much I disagree with it, I'm
willing to hear your argument. Um and
sometimes people convince me and I
change my perspective. I really do. It's
happened a bunch in my life. Um, but you
can usually tell in the first heartbeat
of meeting someone if they're going to
be receptive to hearing being
open-minded. And if they're not,
immediately walk away. Otherwise, I can
just stand and argue with that door
right there. It's not going to help me.
It's going to make me angry and
frustrated. I won't lose an ounce of
sleep over that if I was realistically
there would probably there would be
violence if I went down there with an
Israeli lead flagged. Um though they're
not I don't mean to generalize perhaps
there are people down there who would be
willing to engage in conversation but in
my experience because I go to a lot of
counterprotests. Holy [__] I hate
[Music]
liberals. So yeah, Casey Neistat is
basically your average millionaire
liberal who's moving further and further
to the right every
day. As the contradictions in his
ideology are too difficult for him to
ponder, to reconcile with, he drops all
courage and sides with the
oppressor. The borderline invisible
violent system that makes any defense
against said violence seem to be the
aggressive force.
Casey Neistat is someone I used to look
incredibly fondly upon, someone I was
inspired by to create and share my voice
to an online
audience. Yet, as time passes, Casey
Neistat is becoming increasingly
unreceptive to that same voice he
inspired in so many. And for that
reason, I can no longer support Casey
Neistat. Peace and love. Free Palestine.
Where's the
[Music]
mag? Never thought it, but I'm left with
an
emptiness. Won't you tell
me where the magic's gone?
[Music]
Back when I was
young, it was all
around. Everywhere I looked, it was
there. Now I blankly stare. And I
wonder where the magic's
gone. Is there a reason why I was
leaving? Did I stop believing? know
could it be true now? I just hope that
one day it'll come back and make
everything
new. Ooh.
[Music]
[Applause]
Well, maybe one day
soon we'll be together
again and the world will come alive
right before my eyes just like
magic. Oh, sweet
magic. Yeah, this old
magic that I once knew.
[Music]